src/content/references.mdx, before:

import Icon from '../components/Icon';

# References

### SGI

- An abbreviation of Steam Game Idler that is used throughout these docs

### Account Selection

- The sign in screen where a user can select which Steam account to use

### Dashboard

- The main screen of Steam Game Idler that is presented after selecting an account on the `account selection` screen

### Sidebar

- The  menu on the left side of the `dashboard` containing the <Icon type='game' />, <Icon type='cards' />, <Icon type='award' />, <Icon type='hourglass' />, <Icon type='heart' />, <Icon type='gift' />, <Icon type='cog' /> and <Icon type='signout' /> buttons

### Games List

The main element of the `dashboard` that contains `game cards` for all the games in the user's Steam library

### Game Card

- Represents a game in the user's Steam library `games list`. Contains a banner image of the Steam game, and the <Icon type='play' />, <Icon type='award' /> and <Icon type='dots' /> buttons

### Game Card Menu

- A context menu that provides options for managing and interacting with a specific game. Hover over a `game card` and click <Icon type='dots' /> to view the menu

### Dropdown Sort Menu

- The select element at the top of the `games list` that is used for sorting games by criteria such as title and playtime. Also used to view games in the user's `favorites list`, `card farming list`, `achievement unlocker list` and `auto idle list`

### Card Farming List

- A user customized list of games to be used with the [Card Farming](/features/card-farming) feature. View the games in this list by selecting `card farming games` in the `dropdown sort menu`

### Achievement Unlocker List

- A user customized list of games to be used with the [Achievement Unlocker](/features/achievement-unlocker) feature. View the games in this list by selecting `achievement unlocker games` in the `dropdown sort menu`

### Auto Idle List

- A user customized list of games to be used with the [Auto Idler](/features/auto-idler) feature. View the games in this list by selecting `auto idle games` in the `dropdown sort menu`

### Favorites List

- A user customized list of games with no specific use case other than favoriting games. View the games in this list by selecting `favorited games` in the `dropdown sort menu`

### Idle Windows (SteamUtility.exe)

- The external windows that are opened when a game is idled, that contain a banner image and title of the Steam game that is being idled

Commit message:

Update to be inline with SGI 1.9.0

src/content/references.mdx, after:

import Icon from '../components/Icon';

# References

### SGI

- An abbreviation of Steam Game Idler that is used throughout these docs

### Account Selection

- The sign in screen where a user can select which Steam account to use

### Dashboard

- The main screen of Steam Game Idler that is presented after selecting an account on the `account selection` screen

### Sidebar

- The  menu on the left side of the `dashboard` containing the <Icon type='game' />, <Icon type='play' />, <Icon type='cards' />, <Icon type='award' />, <Icon type='hourglass' />, <Icon type='heart' />, <Icon type='gift' />, <Icon type='cog' /> and <Icon type='signout' /> buttons

### Games List

The main element of the `dashboard` that contains `game cards` for all the games in the user's Steam library

### Game Card

- Represents a game in the user's Steam library `games list`. Contains a banner image of the Steam game, and the <Icon type='playalt' />, <Icon type='award' /> and <Icon type='dots' /> buttons

### Game Card Menu

- A context menu that provides options for managing and interacting with a specific game. Hover over a `game card` and click <Icon type='dots' /> to view the menu

### Dropdown Sort Menu

- The select element at the top of the `games list` that is used for sorting games by criteria such as title and playtime. Also used to view games in the user's `favorites list`, `card farming list`, `achievement unlocker list` and `auto idle list`

### Card Farming List

- A user customized list of games to be used with the [Card Farming](/features/card-farming) feature. View the games in this list by selecting `card farming games` in the `dropdown sort menu`

### Achievement Unlocker List

- A user customized list of games to be used with the [Achievement Unlocker](/features/achievement-unlocker) feature. View the games in this list by selecting `achievement unlocker games` in the `dropdown sort menu`

### Auto Idle List

- A user customized list of games to be used with the [Auto Idler](/features/auto-idler) feature. View the games in this list by selecting `auto idle games` in the `dropdown sort menu`

### Favorites List

- A user customized list of games with no specific use case other than favoriting games. View the games in this list by selecting `favorited games` in the `dropdown sort menu`

### Idle Processes (SteamUtility.exe)

- External processes are opened when a game is being idled. These processes are used to interact with the Steam client, imitate game processes, and are closed when the game is no longer being idled
